Script to auto-generate a service account (#255)
bellingcat/auto-archiver: docs/source/how_to/gsheets_setup.md

Once you've downloaded the file, you can save it to `secrets/service_account.json` (the default name), or to another file and then change the location in the settings (see step 4).

Also make sure to **note down** the email address for this service account. You'll need that for step 3.

```{note}
The email address created in this step can be found either by opening the `service_account.json` file, or if you used b) the `generate_google_services.sh` script, then the script will have printed it out for you.

The email address will look something like `user@project-name.iam.gserviceaccount.com`
```

## 2. Setting up your Google Sheet

We recommend copying [this template Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1NJZo_XZUBKTI1Ghlgi4nTPVvCfb0HXAs6j5tNGas72k/edit?usp=sharing) as a starting point for your project, as this matches all the columns required.

> But if you like, you can also create your own custom sheet. The only column that's required is the 'link' column. This is the column with the URLs that you want the Auto Archiver to archive. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But if you like, you can also create your own custom sheet. The only columns required are 'link', 'archive status', and 'archive location'. 'link' is the column with the URLs that you want the Auto Archiver to archive, the other two record the archival status and result. 
```
